---

title: hello world
date: 2015-01-28

---

Hello world, Here's another blog.

### Who am I?
I'm a **programmer** whose been developing serious games, educational interactives
and web applications professionally for the last 6 years. I worked for a small serious games start up, and got to wear many hats.

**Now I'm creating my own games**, starting with a multi-player puzzle strategy
game; code named it rains fish. Hopefully the first of many.

### What's this all about?
This blog will mainly be about **my games**, **programming**, and related tooling. I've
been working in unity3d and C#, I'm enamored by scala and haskell, and am
currently working in node js; So expect posts about them.

### Why am I doing this?
I've been meaning to do this for a while, but most recently
I need to get the word out about the game I'm making.
So if you like what you see, or are feeling nice, please help out by spreading the word.

**Blog posts have been an invaluable resource to me.**
They provide practical examples, and are more fun then documentation; And they reveal how something is actually like to use.
I've appreciated all the hard work others have done writing about their experiences, and **so I want to contribute.**

### What did you use to build the site?

The site is statically generated by metalsmith, and hosted on github pages. If you'd like to see how the [source is available](https://github.com/mikedmcfarland/thrown). I wanted a specific workflow, and it wasn't too painful to achieve.
